Line
35..35
15..15
0..0
Clean. Consistent. Precise. The Line is very straightforward, providing reliable, low-mana moves with reliable results that can get you from Point A to Point B with minimal effort.
Constant Force|Recover|Slope Breaker|Recover II|Strike of Tangency

Quadratic
30..30
20..20
0..0
The Quadratic is a master of balance, finding opportunity when the right conditions present themselves. Many of its moves revolve around the right timing/opportunity, so patience and strategy is needed.
Constant Force|Recover|Quadratic Growth|Square Buster|Recover II|Vertex of Finality

Cubic
25..25
25..25
0..0
An arbiter of chaos, The Cubic is quite unpredictable compared to its lower degree counterparts. Its irregular flips and turns provide a factor of uncertainty in its moves, giving it incredible potential, but also the chance to backfire.
Constant Force|Recover|Curve Flip|Recover II|Triple Root Surge|Panacea|Dimensions of Possibility

Training Dummy
30..30
0..0
0..0
A basic training dummy. Doesn't do anything. There's not much else to it.
Pass

Circle
40..45
20..25
0..4
The Circle is the perfect cannon fodder for the Polygon Empire. Being non-polygons themselves, many polygons believed that circles were inferior, thus leading to their mass-conscription into the war. Circles yearn for the day they achieve autonomy, and efforts such as the 360th Rebellion have been made to secure their freedom, but even that has failed.
Roll|Slam|Recover

Triangle
30..40
25..30
0..2
Due to its sharper edges, the Triangle is more of a glass cannon, being weaker than the Circle, but also incredibly powerful. Triangles are the lowest polygon on the ladder, due to it being the polygon with the lowest amount of sides. However, they are not discriminated to the lengths of Circles. Triangles also aspire to be like the Right Triangle, the most powerful Triangle in existence.
Poke|Slam|Recover

Square
70..75
25..30
4..7
A model polygon, having four nice 90 degree angles, as well as four congruent sides that form two pairs of parallel sides. Squares are advanced polygons compared to Circles and Triangles, and are regarded as a middle of high class of sorts, getting to reap the rewards of the lower-level polygons' labor and sacrifice.
Symmetry Strike|Slam|Recover

Pentagon
100..120
35..40
5..8
The Polygon Empire took the rollability of the Circle and the pointy edges of the Triangle to create a superior polygon: The Pentagon. The Pentagon is one of the highest regarded polygons in the Polygon Empire, having the most sides in the entire faction, only second to the Square Overlord. Polygons are usually special units of the Polygon Empire's army, and have incredibly advanced combat training.
Roll II|Poke|Pentaforce|Slam II|Recover II

Hexagon
120..140
35..40
5..9
The Polygon Empire took the Pentagon a step further, and as they added the sixth side, the resulting polygon was a shape with peculiar properties: The Hexagon. The Hexagon possesses some incredibly powerful attacks, but they can also backfire horribly. As a result, the Polygon Empire has declared them to be experimental, and are currently trying to find a theoretical "7-gon".
Roll II|Poke|Hex Burst|Slam II|Recover II

Unit Circle
750..750
50..50
6..6
The first Circle, as all other circles are just a scaled version of the Unit Circle. The Unit Circle is despised by many polygons across the Polygon Empire as a result of being one of the leaders of the 360th Rebellion. Eventually, the Unit Circle was captured, and brainwashed to fight on the side of the Polygons, leading to the further suppression and demoralization of Circles in the Empire.
Roll III|Slam II|Recover III

Right Triangle
1000..1000
50..50
8..8
The model Triangle which many Triangles aspire to be someday. The Right Triangle is a marvel of a shape, having a precise 90 degree angle to boot. As a result, the Right Triangle is second-in-command to the Square Overlord. It is unknown how the Right Triangle was formed, as only the current Right Triangle holds the true knowledge of the transformation, passing it on to the lucky Triangle it deems worthy.
Poke III|Slam II|Recover III

Square Overlord
3000..3000
100..100
20..20
The most powerful Polygon in the Polygon Empire, leading it with an iron fist. The Square Overlord possesses incredible amounts of power, as well as the knowledge of how to use some of the strongest moves known in the Cartesian Plane. Many believe that the Square Overlord caused the Great Origin Shift, some believing it to be good, and some bad.
Slam III|Recover III|Perfect Symmetry